Wan Gang, hurry up and ask your people to put down their guns
Liang Youwei, since you took the initiative to deliver it to the door
Don't blame me for being rude
Wan Tang, what do you want to do?
One doesn't do two
I might as well kill you together
The following is guilty
Who gave you the courage?
Of course it will.
You don't know his secondary identity yet
multinational
The ring colluded with the snail country to make progress
The fourth greatest crime
It's a pity that you can only tell Yama to shoot
How is that possible?
How could you possibly catch a criminal
Let me be helpless
Please punish the dragon master and slave